new readme (#248)
redwoodjs/example-store-stripe: README.md

Welcome to the Stripe Superstore!
This repo is an example of a RedwoodJS-Stripe integration.

> Since most startups need to accept payments, we designed this repo to demonstrate how you could go about integrating Stripe into your RedwoodJS project.

Author: I respect your personal preferences (once I learned them)

## Getting Started

### Step 1

Clone this repo, `cd` into it, and `yarn install`

```zsh
git clone git@github.com:redwoodjs/example-store-stripe.git
cd example-store-stripe
yarn install
```

### Step 2

Get your Stripe test keys

To develop on this repo locally, you'll need to populate your `.env` file with a few env vars. The first of those is your Stripe test keys.

> First time visitor gets greeted like:

Reviewer: First time visitors to what? I know you know, but there's no easy link to click for users anymore with this change. We should probably add it back, and it looks like you want to link to the homepage now if I'm not mistaken:
```suggestion
First time visitors to [Stripe](https://stripe.com/) gets greeted like:
```

<p align="center">
<img width="400" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2712405/173251273-00b09fa6-6b3a-40ac-9e94-48c6c4d4584d.png"/>
<br/>
<b>Image 1</b>
</p>
<br/>

> Note the text "Start here" with an arrow that points to the button **`Start now >`**.

Reviewer: This seems a bit like overkill to me; there's no way users could miss the "start here" text, it's huge.
```suggestion
```

Click on that button results with the invitation to either **create** a new account or **login** to existing one>

<p align="center">
<img width="400" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2712405/173251542-d41392da-737e-4725-86dd-edebe3f2bfce.png"/>
<br/>
<b>Image 2</b>
</p>
<br/>

> Assuming that the account was already created, Stripe prompts with the second step authentication

Reviewer: Using the first person usually makes for more readable sentences:
```suggestion
Assuming that you already created an account, Stripe will prompt you with a second authentication step:
```

<p align="center">
<img width="400" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2712405/173253889-146a0bf0-bd36-4518-9469-503da12ec411.png"/>
<br/>
<b>Image 5</b>
</p>

### Make sure "Test mode" is on

You can toggle "Test mode" on and off with the toggle in the upper right. Make sure it's always on. You should always see the orange "Test Data" banner.

Now that you've got your test keys, your `.env` (with proprietary information masked out), should look like:

<p align="center">
<img width="400" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2712405/173458298-f7cbb5dc-658d-48dc-a3eb-4dbe0d56d186.png"/>
<br/>
<b>Image 6</b>
</p>
<br/>

The Stripe webhook secret (`STRIPE_WEBHOOK_SK`) is obtained from the Stripe CLI (see
[Get started with the Stripe CLI](https://stripe.com/docs/stripe-cli) installation instructions)
and observe that the sk_test_... represents the incomplete string,

```
stripe listen --api-key=sk_test_... --print-secret
```

Note that the value of the `--api-key` flag should be the same as `STRIPE_SK`.

___
### Step 3

Seeding your Stripe account

Now  that you've got a Stripe account, you'll want to populate it with products and prices:

> `yarn rw exec seed-stripe --no-prisma`

Reviewer: Can we make this a code block? (I.e. three backticks above and below.)

7: run the downloaded postgresql-14.3-1-osx.dmg package which will start EDB PostgreSQL Setup Wizard. Take all default settings that are proposed by the wizard.

8: Once the Wizard finishes, you can verify the installation of all component by issuing the command `ps -ef | grep postgres`. You should see:

```zsh
nik$ ps -ef | grep postgres
  504 48772 48771   0  6:54PM ??         0:00.00 postgres: logger
  504 48774 48771   0  6:54PM ??         0:00.01 postgres: checkpointer
  504 48775 48771   0  6:54PM ??         0:00.02 postgres: background writer
  504 48776 48771   0  6:54PM ??         0:00.02 postgres: walwriter
  504 48777 48771   0  6:54PM ??         0:00.03 postgres: autovacuum launcher
  504 48778 48771   0  6:54PM ??         0:00.16 postgres: stats collector
  504 48779 48771   0  6:54PM ??         0:00.00 postgres: logical replication launcher
  501 49879  2395   0  8:26PM ttys002    0:00.00 grep postgres
```

___

#### Step 4.2 - setting the database on Windows

TBD
___

Once you've added your `DATABASE_URL` to your `.env` file, you're ready to migrate your database:

> `yarn rw prisma migrate dev`

Author: Why would you suggest to stuff the english language sentence into a code-block???

___

### Step 5

> Listening for webhooks

Reviewer: Going to repeat what I said earlier since it's similar:

> This was the title of the step previously, but since steps don't have titles anymore in this PR, it looks a little odd, like it's just floating there. Let's just remove it.

Author: yes

In tandem with the dev server, you'll want to use the stripe CLI to start a process that listens for webhooks:

`stripe listen --forward-to localhost:8911/stripeWebhooks`

Make sure to pass the serverless function that's going to receive webhooks to the `--forward-to` flag.

> In this app this serverless function's URL is <localhost:8911/stripeWebhooks> and the source is at `/Users/nik/dev/work/redwood/stripe/rw-integration/example-store-stripe/api/src/functions/stripeWebhooks`.

Reviewer: I agree with making the link between `localhost:8911/stripeWebhooks` and the serverless function more obvious, but the first half reads a little too repetitive (the URL is in the code block above) and the second half, too specific (since it's your machine).

Author: I agree wholeheartedly 😸

**Note:** you would need to replace the starting part of the path (`/Users/nik/dev/work/redwood/stripe/rw-integration`) with your own equivalent.

Now you should be able to start the dev server!

`yarn rw dev`

Here is the [reference to the log](https://github.com/redwoodjs/example-store-stripe/discussions/243#discussioncomment-2909682) created on the console when running this command.
___

## Roadmap

There's a lot more ways we plan to integrate RedwoodJS with Stripe.
Open an issue to let us know what features you'd like to see!

> - 👉 Link to the Roadmap: <https://github.com/redwoodjs/example-store/issues/9>

Author: Sure - the Markdown does not like "naked urls" and suggest to dress them with a pair < >

If you do not want to fix all other deviations from strict markdown - that specific one does not matter
